[docs] Lint all non-legacy docs for spelling, attributes (#8164)
elastic/apm-server: docs/open-telemetry.asciidoc

NOTE: For a better startup time, we recommend using SDK-based instrumentation for manual instrumentation of the code rather than auto instrumentation.

> // lint ignore js
> To instrument AWS Lambda Node.js functions, see https://aws-otel.github.io/docs/getting-started/lambda/lambda-js[AWS Distro for OpenTelemetry Lambda Support For JS].

Reviewer: Instead of the lint ignore can we change the alt text to "JavaScript"?

```suggestion
To instrument AWS Lambda Node.js functions, see https://aws-otel.github.io/docs/getting-started/lambda/lambda-js[AWS Distro for OpenTelemetry Lambda Support For JavaScript].
```

Configure the AWS Lambda Node.js function:

> // lint ignore js

Reviewer: Same thing here. Can we change js to "JavaScript".
